Psalm 63 a psalm of David when he was in
the wilderness
of Judah oh god you are my god early
will I seek you my soul thirsts for you
my flesh longs for you in a dry and
thirsty land where there is no water so
I have looked for you in the sanctuary
to see your power and your glory because
your loving-kindness is better than life
my lips shall praise you thus I will
bless you while I live I will lift up my
hands in your name my soul shall be
satisfied as with marrow and fatness and
my mouth shall praise you with joyful
lips when I remember you on my bed I
meditate on you in the night Watchers
because you have been my help therefore
in the shadow of your wings I will
rejoice my soul follows close behind you
your right hand upholds me but those who
seek my life to destroy it shall go into
the lower parts of the earth they shall
fall by the sword they shall be a
portion for jackals but the king shall
rejoice in God
everyone who swears by him shall glory
but the mouths of those who speak lies
shall be stopped
you
[Music]